README.md, before:

![https://github.com/Night4dead](https://img.shields.io/badge/Night4dead-2021-%23f514c0)

![https://img.shields.io/badge/IUT%20METZ-LP%202021--2022-%23f514c0](https://img.shields.io/badge/IUT%20METZ-LP%202021--2022-%23f514c0)

----
Trello : [https://trello.com/choozen/home]
----

# ChooZen-frontend

Frontend part of the ChooZen project.

Written in react-native.

## Dependencies

To run the expo project you'll need:
- a recent version of `nodejs` (recommended LTS 16)
- [expo-cli](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/expo-cli)

## Run the project

Open a terminal to run the following commands.

Clone the repository:
> ```bash
>   git clone https://github.com/Night4dead/ChooZen-frontend
>```

Then move into the directory:
>```bash
>   cd ChooZen-frontend/
>```

Before running expo, you need to install the different packages, run this command:
>```bash
>   npm install
>```

Once in the directory, you can run expo and test the app:
>```bash
>   expo start
>```

Once the project starts, just scan the QR Code that appear in your terminal, or type `w` in the running terminal to open a web version of the app.

To stop the expo project, just type `CTRL+C`.

Commit message:

Update readme.md, removed react-native-web from dependencies, remove console.log;

README.md, after:

![https://github.com/Night4dead](https://img.shields.io/badge/Night4dead-2021-%23f514c0)

![https://img.shields.io/badge/IUT%20METZ-LP%202021--2022-%23f514c0](https://img.shields.io/badge/IUT%20METZ-LP%202021--2022-%23f514c0)

----
Trello : [https://trello.com/choozen/home]
----

# ChooZen-frontend

Frontend part of the ChooZen project.

Written in react-native.

## Dependencies

To run the expo project you'll need:
- a recent version of `nodejs` (recommended LTS 16)
- [expo-cli](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/)
- an android emulator (follow [this guide](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/))
- or a physical device (read the doc for [expo-cli](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/), you need to download the expo app)

## Run the project

Open a terminal to run the following commands.

Clone the repository:
> ```bash
>   git clone https://github.com/Night4dead/ChooZen-frontend
>```

Then move into the directory:
>```bash
>   cd ChooZen-frontend/
>```

Before running expo, you need to install the different packages, run this command:
>```bash
>   npm install
>```

Once in the directory, you can run expo and test the app:
>```bash
>   expo start
>```

Once the project starts, just scan the QR Code that appear in your terminal, or type `a` in the running terminal to open the android emulator (if you type `w` you can run the web version, but for now the registration won't work since the birthdate input is only native).

To stop the expo project, just type `CTRL+C`.
